Update openSUSE packaging and building info (#75)
Lurkki14/tuxclocker: README.md

This list may contain unofficial distribution packages, maintained by other people not directly related with this project.

#### For openSUSE Tumbleweed

> NOTE: Due to NVIDIA proprietary driver license problems package builded without NVIDIA modules. See [issue#65](https://github.com/Lurkki14/tuxclocker/issues/65) for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Due to NVIDIA proprietary driver license problems the package is built without NVIDIA modules. See [issue#65](https://github.com/Lurkki14/tuxclocker/issues/65) for more info.
```

Reviewer: Other stuff looks good to merge, this needs changing still

Author: Seems done

```

#### For openSUSE Tumbleweed

> `python-hwdata` is not packaged for openSUSE but can be acquired on [OBS](https://build.opensuse.org/package/show/home:tujhen:tuxclocker/python-hwdata).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`python-hwdata` 2.4.1 is not packaged for openSUSE but can be acquired on [OBS](https://build.opensuse.org/package/show/home:tujhen:tuxclocker/python-hwdata).
```
It is packaged from what I can see, but 2.4.1 is preferred

Author: Don't understand in some moments, but as I explain upper, I package python-hwdata package with latest version that provides 3 packages for python 3.9, 3.10, 3.11

Author: Not in official (main repo), can't find with zypper, only by opi older in semi-main and latest in home:repos (OBS)

https://software.opensuse.org/package/python-hwdata?search_term=python-hwdata

    libQt5DBus-devel \
    libQt5Charts5-devel \
    libqt5-qtbase-devel \
    libopenssl-devel \
    python311-devel \

>     python311-hwdata \

Reviewer: Why `python311` and not `python3` ?

Author: openSUSE has own packaging rules for Python and building process. We don't have something like python3-devel, we have package python-devel, that provides 3 packages (for python 3.9, 3.10 and 3.11). Current main Python in openSUE Tumbleweed is 3.11 

Link for packaging rules:
https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Packaging_Python#What_is_single-spec?

Author: In fact of that, we have 4 different pythons with modules in repo at that point, that marked by version (python39-notify2 for example, not python3)
